One hundred people are standing in a circle in an order 1 to 100.

No.1 has a sword. He kills the next person (i.e., no. 2) and gives the sword to the next (i.e., no. 3). All person does the same until only one survives.

Which number survives at last?

> _Answer is an integer._ Just put the number without any decimal places if it's an integer. If the answer is Infinity, output **_Infinity_** .
>
> _Feel free to get in touch with us if you have any questions_

---

Observations:

1. Always ODD wins.
2. When every power of 2 position it's clear says who will be holding the sword he would be the final

   person who alive. ( 2^i --> 1).

Algorithm:

1. Bring the N (Total no'' of alive persons) to closest power of 2.
2. Then find the no'' of persons were killed (i.e N-closest power of 2 value).
3. After finding the no'' of kills then we have to find the final person who is alive by using formula 2\*i+1

   (where i is no'' of kills).

Example:

Let us consider the given alive people is N=100.

Here the closest power of 2 is 64.

Then finding the no'' of kills i= 100-64 =36.

By substituting these values into above formula, i.e 2\*i+1

2\*36+1=73.

:. Hence for all 100 people the only person who alive in the final is 73.

Code:

import java.util.\*;

class Main {

    public static void main(String args[]) {

    Scanner sc=new Scanner(System.in);

    int n=sc.nextInt();

    int res = 0;

    for(int i = n; i >= 1; i--)

    {

    // If i is a power of 2

    if ((i & (i-1)) == 0)

    {

    res = i;

    break;

    }

    }

    //Here res is containing the closest power of 2

    int temp=n - res;

    int ans= 2*temp+1;

    System.out.println(ans);

    }

}
